✏️ Fix grammar, typos, and broken links in docs (#15694)
fastapi/fastapi: docs/en/docs/tutorial/handling-errors.md

# Handling Errors { #handling-errors }

> There are many situations in which you need to report an error to a client that is using your API.

Author: Or
```suggestion
There are many situations in which you need to notify a client that is using your API about an error.
```
